---
title: Crop
description: Crops are the plants that can be grown in the Greenhouse
---



<!-- This is generated by the MarsSim HelpGenertor, do not edit. -->

{{< definition-label xmlFile="crops" configEditor="" >}}


Grouped by Category.

### Bulbs {#A-bulbs}
Bulbs are a short stem with fleshy leaves or leaf bases that function as food storage organs during dormancy.

- [Garlic](../crop/garlic)
- [Spring Onion](../crop/spring-onion)
- [White Onion](../crop/white-onion)

### Corms {#A-corms}
Corms are a short, vertical, swollen underground plant stem that serves as a storage organ used by some plants to survive winter or other adverse conditions.

- [Taro](../crop/taro)

### Flowers {#A-flowers}
For flowers that do NOT have seeds. Flowers can be considered the seed-bearing part of a plant, consisting of reproductive organs that are typically surrounded by brightly colored petals and a green calyx.

- [Dandelion](../crop/dandelion)
- [Parsley](../crop/parsley)

### Fruits {#A-fruits}
Fruits are the mature ovary of a flowering plant, usually containing seeds.

- [Blueberry](../crop/blueberry)
- [Cranberry](../crop/cranberry)
- [Cucumber](../crop/cucumber)
- [Green Bell Pepper](../crop/green-bell-pepper)
- [Strawberry](../crop/strawberry)
- [Tomato](../crop/tomato)

### Fungi {#A-fungi}
Fungi are a group of spore-producing organisms that feed on organic matter.

- [Morel Mushroom](../crop/morel-mushroom)

### Grains {#A-grains}
Grains are small, hard, dry seeds, with or without attached hulls or fruit layers, harvested for human or animal consumption.

- [Corn](../crop/corn)
- [Quinoa](../crop/quinoa)
- [Rice](../crop/rice)
- [Wheat](../crop/wheat)

### Grasses {#A-grasses}
Grasses are monocotyledonous, usually herbaceous plants with narrow leaves growing from the base.

- [Sugarcane](../crop/sugarcane)

### Herbs {#A-herbs}
Herbs are plants with savory or aromatic properties that are used for flavoring and garnishing food, medicinal purposes, or for fragrances.

- [Cilantro](../crop/cilantro)

### Leaves {#A-leaves}
Leaves are the main organs of photosynthesis and transpiration in higher plants.

- [Basil](../crop/basil)
- [Cabbage](../crop/cabbage)
- [Lettuce](../crop/lettuce)
- [Microgreens](../crop/microgreens)
- [Swiss Chard](../crop/swiss-chard)

### Legumes {#A-legumes}
Legumes are plants that bear fruit in the form of pods enclosing the seeds.

- [Kidney bean](../crop/kidney-bean)
- [Peanut](../crop/peanut)
- [Peas](../crop/peas)
- [Soybean](../crop/soybean)

### Roots {#A-roots}
Roots are the underground part of a plant that absorbs water and minerals from the soil.

- [Carrot](../crop/carrot)
- [Ginger](../crop/ginger)
- [Radish](../crop/radish)
- [Red Beet](../crop/red-beet)

### Seeds {#A-seeds}
For flowers that DO have seeds. Seeds are the part of a flowering plant that typically contains an embryo and is capable of developing into a new plant.

- [Sesame](../crop/sesame)
- [White Mustard](../crop/white-mustard)

### Stems {#A-stems}
Stems are the main body or stalk of a plant or shrub, typically rising above ground but occasionally subterranean.

- [Celery](../crop/celery)

### Tubers {#A-tubers}
Tubers are the thickened part of an underground stem or rhizome that stores nutrients.

- [Potato](../crop/potato)
- [Sweet Potato](../crop/sweet-potato)
- [Yam](../crop/yam)



{{< definition-tail version="3.10.0" generatedOn="2025-10-09T21:45:01.8754429" >}}

